[All Hosts] (ui) Update Fabric references for the new Fluent UI and Fabric Core context (#2667)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/using-office-ui-fabric-react.md

---
title: Fluent UI React in Office Add-ins
description: 'Learn how to use Fluent UI React in Office Add-ins.'
ms.date: 05/12/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Use Fluent UI React in Office Add-ins

> Fluent UI React is a JavaScript front-end framework for building user experiences for Office based on the React framework. It is designed to build experiences that fit seamlessly into a broad range of Microsoft products. It provides robust, up-to-date, accessible React-based components which are highly customizable using CSS-in-JS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluent UI React is the official open-source JavaScript front-end framework designed to build experiences that fit seamlessly into a broad range of Microsoft products, including Office. It provides robust, up-to-date, accessible React-based components which are highly customizable using CSS-in-JS.
```
